yggdrasilprpl

--------
OVERVIEW
--------
Yggdrasilprpl is a protocol plugin for Pidgin and libpurple. You can create
exactly one account to interface with YggdrasilRadio's webservices.

The only feature currently supported is intercom/chat.

FIXME: Paths are currently hardcoded for linux-like operating systems.

FIXME: Windows not supported (hardcoded paths).

FIXME: Mac OS not supported (its version of "sed" is too stupid for \n).

TODO: I have no idea how to create "Makefiles". I compiled this by hacking
      the upstream makefile mechanisms, adding "yggdrasil" into the list of
      supported protocols, then running ./configure

TODO: "user info" would be nice.

TODO: Be more intelligent about log files.

Yggdrasilprpl is based off the excellent "null protocol" skeleton found in
the original pidgin/libpurple source tree.

-----------------------
BUILDING AND INSTALLING
-----------------------

NOTE: Dirty hacking of "upstream" was how I originally managed to use ./configure
      to create the "Makefile" needed for an easy build.  I have no idea how
      independent Makefiles are supposed to be written.

To build, just run ./configure as usual in the root directory of the pidgin
source distribution. Then cd libpurple/protocols/yggdrasil and then make.  To
install, run make install.  Then run Pidgin.

To build yggdrasilprpl on Windows (with Cygwin/MinGW), use: make -f Makefile.mingw

The protocol icons (under the folders: 16, 22, and 48) can be copied to your
pidgin's standard location for such resources. Try:

  Linux (Ubuntu) - /usr/share/pixmaps/pidgin/protocols

-----
USAGE
-----
To add a yggdrasilprpl account, go to the account editor window and click Add.
Select Yggdrasilprpl from the protocol drop-down list, and enter any your
existing username and password from YggdrasilRadio.

Upon launching, assuming you have a Yggdrasil account setup, Pidgin will
login to YggdrasilRadio, and create a "Yggdrasil Intercom" chatroom, adding it
to your "Buddy List" under the default group "Chats".

Now, use Pidgin like normal for (a) reading the intercom chat (b) sending
messages to the intercom chat (c) send "/undo" to undo a message on the
official servers [this plugin does not make any attempt at real-time undos,
so anything said is permanent until restart].

Need your chat window to blink? Use the "Message Notification" plugin:

  https://developer.pidgin.im/ticket/12672
